Add note to restart the dev server after changing .env file (#6979)
facebook/create-react-app: docusaurus/docs/adding-custom-environment-variables.md

> Note: You must create custom environment variables beginning with `REACT_APP_`. Any other variables except `NODE_ENV` will be ignored to avoid [accidentally exposing a private key on the machine that could have the same name](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/issues/865#issuecomment-252199527). Changing any environment variables will require you to restart the development server if it is running.

> > Note: You need to restart the development server after change `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: You need to restart the development server after changing `.env` files.
```
